ladies and gentlemen introducing living
Saturday morning so sing at Delft
welcome to the jungle
I hope you're ready to shake it because
I'm here with the boys from metro
station now I was actually mr. Faust
right away because apparently scary cuz
I'm shocking pink favorite old-school
trap it just makes Brendan Fraser cut it
on the dance floor in anything right now
thank you very much I need something so
that where are the way sir Timothy J
Joey little of its cousin latest from
Hollywood this present
at that time of the week when we tap
into Tinseltown to see who's making
headlines who's out and about and who's
caught in the lens superstar Superman
Madonna put her family on a private jet
and took off in luxury to tour the
Mumbai slums in India and we thought
camping was roughing it our cameras have
spotted many stars including the ultra
hot Johnny Depp the shopaholic Eva
Longoria and party clean Paris Hilton
tonight on 22 one its saucy songs you
can leave your head on
that's pretty sexy if it's a cowboy hat
leave that hat on but if it's a beanie I
don't know take it off imagine being
known as the body you'd see some hot
chips and you go on the body when we're
standing at the altar
Easy's gonna last is this man the one
will it be forever no and it plays on
that fear maybe he isn't and baby God
there are so many great things to
discover under the water in Sydney
Harbour and all you need is a mask a
snorkel and a beautiful spot like this
good job with the dough you know how do
you do the whole throwing a veneer and
get it squared you know who dis
yeah teaming up with hubby jay-z cool
let's get crazy
yeah booty bounce reaching that was the
super sexy smooth Chris Brown we forever
here on the New Year's Eve party zone
hang around marcus good evening new
beloved here for night two of the
Roseanne Sidney fashion first of all the
weather may be freezing but the fashion
is hot
check out who was seen tonight I'm here
with a gorgeous girls from ginger and
smart Genevieve
what are we expecting on the runway
tonight if there was one place we needed
from your range what would it be
lace budget say you're wrong she women
here you read a party
I want to see that for sure
hi and welcome again to pulse where we
pull the still-beating heart out of your
searches and show you what you're made
of
who's a pretty boy then we'll Zac
Efron's a pretty boy and that's a fact
summer means one thing it means freakish
India you've been warned
you know how to wine and dine a lady
well the headline today like a grand a
year between is Lizzie love it really is
at the old Schwarzenegger owns an island
to recording artists actors and athletes
against drink-driving
will that go down with the others want
to get taste and we want more
what do you think am i good